TERMS OF USE AND PRIVACY POLICY.

I) TERMS OF USE.

Effective : October 19, 2020

WELCOME TO TETEBUD.

These Terms of Service (“Terms”) are a contract between you and Tetebud Inc. They govern your use of Tetebud’s products, mobile apps, sites, services, and content (“Services”).
By using Tetebud, you agree to these Terms. If you don’t agree to any of the Terms, you can’t use Tetebud.
We can change these Terms at any time. If a change is material, we’ll let you know before they take effect. By using Tetebud on or after that effective date, you agree to the new Terms. If you don’t agree to them, you should delete your account before they take effect, otherwise your use of the Services will be subject to the new Terms.
Content rights & responsibilities.

You own the rights to the content you create and post on Tetebud.

By posting content to Tetebud, you give us a nonexclusive license to publish it on Tetebud Services, including anything reasonably related to publishing it (like storing, displaying, reformatting, and distributing it). In consideration for Tetebud granting you access to and use of the Services, you agree that Tetebud may enable advertising on the Services, including in connection with the display of your content or other information. We may also use your content to promote Tetebud, including its products and content. We will never sell your content to third parties without your explicit permission.
You’re responsible for the content you post. This means you assume all risks related to it, including someone else’s reliance on its accuracy, or claims relating to intellectual property or other legal rights.
You’re welcome to post content on Tetebud that you’ve published elsewhere, as long as you have the rights you need to do so. By posting content to Tetebud, you represent that doing so doesn’t conflict with any other agreement you’ve made.
By posting content you didn’t create to Tetebud, you are representing that you have the right to do so. For example, you are posting a work that’s in the public domain, used under license (including a free license, such as Creative Commons), or a fair use.
We can remove any content you post for any reason.

You can delete any of your content, or your account, any time. Processing the deletion may take a little time, but we’ll do it as quickly as possible. To protect information from accidental or malicious destruction, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems.
Our content and services.

We reserve all rights in Tetebud’s look and feel. As for other parts of Tetebud, you may not copy or adapt any portion of our code or visual design elements (including logos) without express written permission from Tetebud unless otherwise permitted by law.
You may not do, or try to do, the following : (1) access or tamper with non-public areas of the Services, our computer systems, or the systems of our technical providers; (2) access or search the Services by any means other than the currently available, published interfaces (e.g. mobile apps) that we provide; (3) forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting, or in any way use the Services to send altered, deceptive, or false source-identifying information; or (4) interfere with, or disrupt, the access of any user, host, or network, including sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail-bombing the Services, or by scripting the creation of content or accounts in such a manner as to interfere with or create an undue burden on the Services.
Crawling the Services is allowed if done in accordance with the provisions of our robots.txt file, but scraping the Services is prohibited.
We may change, terminate, or restrict access to any aspect of the service, at any time, without notice.

No children.

Tetebud is only for people 13 years old and over. By using Tetebud, you affirm that you are over 13. If we learn someone under 13 is using Tetebud, we’ll terminate their account.
Security.

If you find a security vulnerability on Tetebud, please email tetebud.contact@gmail.com 

Incorporated rules and policies.

By using the Services, you agree to let Tetebud collect and use information as detailed in our Privacy Policy. If you’re outside France, you consent to letting Tetebud transfer, store, and process your information (including your personal information and content) in and out of France.
To enable a functioning community, we have rules that are available within the product and may change over time. Under our Copyright and DMCA Policy, we’ll remove material after receiving a valid takedown notice. Under our Trademark Policy, we’ll investigate any use of another’s trademark and respond appropriately.
By using Tetebud, you agree to follow these Rules and Policies. If you don’t, we may remove content, or edit block or ban you.
Limitation of liability.

Disclaimer of warranty. Tetebud provides the Services to you as is. You use them at your own risk and discretion. That means they don’t come with any warranty. None express, none implied. No implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, availability, security, title or non-infringement.
1.	We make every effort to ensure the Tetebud App made available to you is secure and free from errors. However, you use it at your own risk.
Furthermore, we give no guarantee as to the absence of errors, interruptions to service, slow running, imperfections, or attacks on the rights of third-parties within the scope of the operation of the Tetebud App, in particular as a result of events on the internet.
TETEBUD, INC. cannot be held liable in case of disturbance, malfunction, or reduced access to the Tetebud App resulting from failure attributable to the internet network or to an internet service provider, to the operating system, browser and/or device of the user. Furthermore, TETEBUD, INC. cannot be held liable for any event attributable to a case of force majeure.
Access to and use of the Tetebud App may be temporarily interrupted due to maintenance or technical updates.
2.	TETEBUD, INC. accepts no responsibility for the indirect, specific, collateral or punitive consequences, loss of income, data or any other loss resulting from the access and use of the Tetebud App, its content and/or the illicit use by a third-party of the data or other rights of a user.
3.	Any violation of these General Terms of Use or any use which may present a risk (legal, technical or other) may result in the deletion of the profile of the user which is the origin thereof. In the case of any dispute, TETEBUD, INC. is free to decide to block or deactivate the profile of a user and thereby their access to the Tetebud App, and this at the sole discretion of, and without prior notice by TETEBUD, INC. Each user is free to terminate their relationship with TETEBUD, INC. relating to the Tetebud App. They simply need to delete their user profile. Each user is responsible for the information they provide and the content they distribute during their session and use of the Tetebud App. The information provided must be accurate, up-to-date, and a true reflection of reality. The content provided by users must be lawful and must not infringe upon the rights of third parties. TETEBUD, INC cannot be held liable for inaccuracies or the erroneous character of content provided by the user and any consequences which may arise as a result.

Choice of law and jurisdiction. These Terms are governed by California law, without reference to its conflict of laws provisions. You agree that any suit arising from the Services must take place in a court located in Toulon, France.
Entire agreement. These Terms (including any document incorporated by reference into them) are the whole agreement between Tetebud and you concerning the Services.

Questions ? tetebud.contact@gmail.com 

Notifications/Reports.

1. Notification of illicit content – Article 6-I-5 of French law N°2004-575 of 21 June 2004 on confidence in the digital economy
In our quality as host, we are not under a general obligation to monitor the information that we store. You nevertheless have the possibility to notify us of content you consider illicit. To be taken into account, any notification should be addressed by registered letter with proof of delivery to:
Tetebud, Inc – Safety Center
Notification continues illicites
34, Rue du capitaine Pierre Delsol
83130 La Garde, France.
To be valid, this notification must contain a copy of the correspondence addressed to the author or editor of the litigious information or activity requesting they cease, remove or modify that content, or proof that it was not possible to contact the author or editor.
 
You retain the right to notify the competent authorities of any content you consider illicit.
2. Reporting content constituting an affront to human dignity – offences specified by Article 6-I-7 of French law N°2004-575 of 21 June 2004 on confidence in the digital economy
In compliance with article 6-I-7 of French law N°2004-575 of 21 June 2004 on confidence in the digital economy and any applicable regulations, we are participating in the fight against the following offences :
•	Distribution of images of child pornography; Apology for or denial of crimes against humanity
•	Distribution of content promoting discrimination, hate or violence against a person group of persons by virtue of their origin, sex, sexual orientation or identity, or disability;
•	Distribution of message of a violent or pornographic nature, or which constitute an affront to human dignity, or which encourage minors to participate in games which may place them in physical danger accessible to minors, when this content is liable to be viewed or accessed by a minor;
•	Incitement to, or apology for terrorism; Incitement to gamble;
•	Incitement to suicide.
3. Reporting inappropriate content
In order to allow comfortable, safe use of the Tetebud App, we put in place a system of community moderation that allows you to report any content you feel is inappropriate.
If you want to report the content of a user profile click on the flag icon on the profile bar.

II) PRIVACY POLICY

Effective : October 19, 2020

This policy sets out our privacy practices and explains how we handle the information we collect when you visit and use our products, mobile apps, sites, services, and content (“Services”).
What we may collect.
We collect information about your browser or mobile device (such as device or browser type), information about what Tetebud content you access, information you send us (such as your phone number or email address used to register or communicate with us), and referral information.
When you use Tetebud Services, we may collect and store your Internet Protocol address and other information that can uniquely identify you. We may use this information to fight spam and other abuse; to personalize Tetebud Services; or to generate aggregate, non-identifying information about how people use Tetebud Services.
If you connect your Tetebud account to a third-party service like Twitter or Facebook, we may collect, store, and periodically update the contact lists associated with that third-party account, so you can connect with existing contacts from that service who are on Tetebud.

Text messages and emails from Tetebud

Sometimes we’ll send administrative messages about account or Services changes via text message or email, e.g. when you request to reset your password. It may not be possible to opt out of administrative messages.
You can opt out of most other types of messages, e.g. emails about activity on Tetebud.

Disclosure of your information

As a rule, we don’t share your personal information outside the company.
We won’t sell your personal information.
We may share your personal information with third parties in limited circumstances, including: (1) with your consent; (2) to a vendor or partner who meets our data protection standards; or (3) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, such as pursuant to a subpoena or other legal process.
If we’re going to share your information in response to legal process, we’ll give you advance notice so you can challenge it (for example by seeking court intervention), unless we’re prohibited from doing so by law or court order. We will object to requests for information about users of our site that we believe to be improper.
If we merge with another company such that your information will become subject to a different privacy policy, we’ll notify you before the transfer. You can opt out of the new policy by deleting your account during the notice period.

Cookies

We use cookies and similar technologies such as the iOS Keychain to recognize you when you return to our Services. We use them in various ways, for example to log you in, remember your preferences, evaluate email effectiveness, show relevant ads, and personalize information.
Some third-party services that we use, such as Google Analytics, may place their own cookies in your browser. This Privacy Policy covers use of cookies by Tetebud only and not the use of cookies by third parties.
Data Storage.

Tetebud uses third-party vendors and hosting partners, such as Google Cloud Platform, for hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology we need to run Tetebud.
Modifying your personal information or deleting your account
If you have a Tetebud account, you can access and modify your personal information, or delete your account in the product.
To protect information from accidental or malicious destruction, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems.
If you delete your account, your account and content may be unrecoverable.

Data security

Tetebud will ensure that your data is processed securely and confidentially, including in cases where certain operations are carried out by our partners. Accordingly, appropriate technical and organizational measures are implemented to prevent the loss, misuse, alteration and erasure of your Personal Data.
Nevertheless, there is no ‘zero risk’ on the internet and we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Data 100%. You use the Service at your own risk, and you’re responsible for taking reasonable measures to secure your account (like using a strong password).
That’s why it is important to let us know right away if you think you have been a victim of being attacked, stolen, disclosed, altered, or otherwise infringed of your Personal Data, by writing to us here.

Changes to this policy

Tetebud may periodically update this policy. We’ll notify you about significant changes to it. If a change is material, we’ll let you know before they take effect.

Questions

Questions ? tetebud.contact@gmail.com

